Add blog post for week 34 (#1059)
packit/packit.dev: weekly/2025/week-34.md

---
title: Week 34 in Packit
date: 2025-08-25
authors: akucerov
tags:
  - 2025-August
  - 2025
  - August
---

## Week 34 (August 19th – August 25th)

> - Packit now automatically invokes an rpm build in mock when no rpm test is passed before running local tests ([packit#2636](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/2636))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Packit now automatically invokes an RPM build in `mock` when no RPMs are provided when running `packit test` in the CLI. ([packit#2636](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/2636))
```
